Add support for Yoast developer mode (#106)
humanmade/altis-seo: docs/README.md

		"altis": {
			"modules": {
				"seo": {

> 					"development-mode": true,

Reviewer: These aren't strictly alphabetical - I think `enabled` should really come first as it's a special option. Maybe `debug` might be a terser option? The `WPSEO_DEBUG` constant can also control this behaviour.

> 					"development-mode": true,
> 					"enabled": true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					"enabled": true,
					"development-mode": true,
```

}
```

## Developmnt Mode

> Yoast SEO includes a _development mode_, this is enabled by default for non-production environments and will _pretty print_ the _yoast-schema-graph_ HTML rather than the minified default.

Reviewer: Not sure the italics are really necessary here, and I'd probably just refer to the JSON+LD schema.org graph output. It's not a Yoast invention 😛

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yoast SEO includes a development mode, this is enabled by default for non-production environments and will pretty print the JSON+LD schema output rather than the minified default.
```
